add documentation about groupware > contacts > social-avatars (#13680)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/groupware/contacts.rst

.. figure:: ../images/contact_picture_options.png

If the administrator allows updates from social media in the admin groupware settings,
users can also retrieve contact pictures directly from social networks.

> Therefore the contact needs to have stored a user name in the social media section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case the contact needs to have stored a user name in the social media section.
```
